📚Switch to using DocumenterInterLinks for ManifoldsBase.jl (#366)
JuliaManifolds/Manopt.jl: Changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [unreleased] March 15, 2024

### Changed

> * `ManifoldsBase.jl` now is running on Documenter 1.3, `Manopt.jl` documentation now uses [DocumenterInterLinks]() to refer to sections and functions from `ManifoldsBasel.jl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ManifoldsBase.jl` now is running on Documenter 1.3, `Manopt.jl` documentation now uses [DocumenterInterLinks](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/DocumenterInterLinks.jl) to refer to sections and functions from `ManifoldsBase.jl`
```
